The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, I call it tomorrow. Oops, mana vet. Yeah, no, I mean,
for sure in the Gilbert burns fight, that was veteran.
He just weathered that storm in that first round.
And then by the end of the first round was winning. Yeah. You know,
and then him up in the second and.
His striking is getting better. Oh my God.
It's getting better. That fight this weekend is very interesting. You know,
I watched the first fight again the other day and I'm gonna tell you something,
man. Mazda doll was all over him in that first round. And.
That was last minute, correct?
Six days. Notice he stuffed.
What? 11 of his take downs, which is unheard of with newsmen.
Yeah. But more importantly was not in condition. No.
Was not prepared for a fight like that. They offered it to him. He took it.
He went there six days notice. And um, I mean that first round,
he looked very good if he only won that one round one that's what's important in
the fight because it was Mon made adjustments.
Another thing that's important to note is that oops,
apparently had shattered his nose two weeks before that fight. Wow. Yeah.
So his nose was because after the fight, you know, they, they, you know,
had them checked out and his, he had a broken nose and he was like,
my nose is already broken. Like his nose is up two weeks before the fight.
Yeah. I think about it. He's been, man. Is that he, he,
some people say he's boring, you know, boring fighter. I think he's great.
I think he's a.
Great, wasn't worrying that Gilbert burns.
No, he wasn't. I think he's great, man. He's he presses the fight.
He's got cardio for days in a guy that looks has that kind of physique or no,
it shouldn't have that kind of cardio. And he's got, he's just,
I think he's great. I think he's got charisma, man. His,
his striking is getting better. He freaking knocked out Colby, Covington, TKO,
and broke his jaw. And that he beat burns with the jab.
Anybody who says he's boring as an.
Idiot, you get poked in the eye, just poke yourself in the eye. I mean.
You gotta be an idiot to think that guy's boring. That's crazy. Look,
he did what he had to do. The wind, the Mazda, the doll fight.
But if you take any consideration,
the fact that he had a broken nose going into the fight and you take into
consideration, the fact that Mazda doll is, you know, you fought him, he's game,
good.
He's game.
And he's clever and he's experienced. And he's a real vet.
As a real vet. That's that? That's, uh, somebody that who you cannot break,
this guy's will in a fight. No, I've seen it. I've broken. Guy's wills. And,
and they're in a fight when a guy like that who comes out just as hard in the
last round as he does in the first and still has got power and still is just,
just a Savage. Just, weren't just wanting to rip your head off. It's scary,
dude. Or you hit him. He just laughed. He smiles at you. Yeah. And you normally,
when guys do that, they're hurt. Right. But this guy, you know, that's just,
he's just a G man. He's slick. And I like him because he's, he is who he is.
He is not faking nobody. He's not trying to be somebody who's not. I.
Love when he dresses like Tony Montana.
He's got the whole suit get up.
When I talked to him here at Willow,
my favorite moments of the podcast with him here, it was. So I asked him,
I said, well, I go, the question is, uh, can Ben ask her and get a hold of you?
He goes, he can get ahold of these nuts.
I see that guy, why I saw, I love, I love that guy. And it was funny.
I was in Singapore, me and him both were there for as gas fighters.
And that's when, that's where we made that fight happen. Uh,
we had planned it out there.
He was wanting to work his way up and I had just lost the tire.
And so the second time, so I was, let's make it happen, man. And,
uh, he's, I think what's changed from him.
I wouldn't say so much his style, but his mindset.
Yeah. He talked about that. The resurrection. Yep. Well,
you know what had happened? He went on a reality show. Do you know the story?
I think so. Yeah. And did it,
was it the preparation or was it.
Um, we talked about that on this podcast too.
He went on this reality show and it was a nightmare. And he was,
it was like in the jungle and this reality show,
like he had to like go into villages to try to get food. It was. It's crazy.
It was a south American reality show.
And apparently he was there for a long time and he had no contact with the
outside world. It was a disaster, hated the show,
but it gave him a lot of chance to think about his life,
about where he was and then what his future is going to be and realize that
maybe some things have been holding them back.
The one thing that had been holding them back was he was trying not to lose
versus trying to win. And that he was a little bit worried about his condition.
Cause maybe he didn't train enough. Maybe didn't prepare correctly.
And then he just decided, look, I'm going to go for it. Yeah. So here he is.
I mean, Mazda, Donald's got to be your age, right? It's probably 38.
It was in the rain. Yeah.
She gets a little bit, yeah, it might be a little bit younger, 36,
something like that.
But one of the most popular guys in the UFC said he was going to do it.
It's their fight for the title.
Let's just think about what he did after that. Think about his fight.
Like the fight with Nate Diaz. Oh. How the knockout,
a Terran till the Darren till knockout was crazy.
And he, him getting knocked down early in that fight, we got knocked down,
comes back. Oh my goodness.
And, and owed him in the most vicious fashion and the way he did it to where he
set it up, that switch, we stepped in and throws the left hook.
Well, he grabbed his front hand. I don't know if you saw that,
grabbed his front hand, pulls it down and hits him with a left. Yup.
Yeah. Oh, so, so smooth. So well he's so clever.
He's clever. Like the knockout of Ben Askren. I give people think, oh,
he just ran at him and threw a flying knee. No, no, no, no.
He went to the side. Yeah. And then he came out change. Man went at him also.
So aspirin has to follow him,
which even more activates aspirin's natural desire to grab you.
Right. I mean, he showed him planning for it. He didn't wait to.
Leave the sun. We're asking aspirin shoots. Yeah.
I mean went to the side and then boom.
The whole lead up to that was awesome. Oh my God, Kim, just.
Incredible.
Yeah. You know, just look at like a freaking G and then.
He steps off and that roles of him in midair
landing that need a Ben's face. Jack,
do you see an angry look on his face?
That's one of the classic all time MMA photos. See if he can find that.
And then him saying it was that necessary to hit him and say that's super
necessary. Super necessary. Yeah.
Necessary. Well,
not only that he like as Ben is out cold after he punched her in the face,
but he's talking to him and slapping the table. Like I told you. Yeah.
And what's good about him is that he can cook.
He can throw something like obviously there it is. Wow.
That's that one in the middle is the one I'm talking about. The one up. Yeah.
Look at that.
That is a classic photo up on the
metal. The middle of the impact. Look at his face. He's so angry.
Bella's down. I was at TV.
I was there. So in case anyway, after that fight,
I went up and congratulate and was like, man, he's like, thank you.
But I was like, we need to make this fight. Have we need to do it again?
I was crazy as. He became a superstar that night.
That's right. I've been at two, two knockouts, crazy knockouts back to back.
Yup.
And then now he has another chance that it will smile with a full camp.
I think super interested.
It's like, all right.
How do you choose against somebody who's been so dominant in the welterweight
division? Again, it was men,
but then you get this guy out there who can just out of nowhere, just do out of,
you know, a thought in his head, he hit you with a spin,
something or a flying knee or he's so creative and.
I'm interested. Teligent I would never count Guzman out.
I think Guzman is one of the small mentally.
He's one of the strongest guys that have ever seen compete. His mind. You just,
you never see a weakness from him. You know, he's just, he's so strong.
And when he dominated Tyron like that to win the belt, this,
his first shot at the title, no nerves at all, just full dominance,
just went at him, just controlled him, smashed him, just beat him up.
Almost tried to take them out at one point in time and empty the gas tank and
realize like, Jesus, Tyron's still here.
We talked about it on the podcast to him, like how tired you were. He was like,
bro, I was so tired. I didn't show it. He didn't show,
I could see it a little bit, but I was right next to him. You know,
I was right there watching it catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for
free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expanse.